https://github.com/s-fifteen-instruments/Timestamp_TDC1/wiki/TDC1-Documentation

Open timestamp_FPGA.py and manually edit line 26 to set the variable signal_type.
  Use 'ttl' for the Thorlabs detectors.  (TTL = Transistor-Transistor Logic)
  Use 'nim' for the S-15 detectors.  (NIM =  Nuclear Instrumentation Module)

Open usbcount_class.py and manually edit line 19 to set the device variable.
  This will be one of the COM ports corresponding to the USB port the blue timing device is plugged into.
  To find which one, open the Windows Device Manager as follows:
    Right click on the Windows Start icon (lower left corner).
    Select Device Manager and log in.
    Select Ports (COM & LPT) to see a drop-down menu of ports in use.
    Find where the blue timing device's USB is plugged into the computer and pull it out.
    You should see the list of ports update, revealing the one you unplugged.
    Now plug it back it (duh) and set the device variable to corresponding COM port.
    It's usually 'COM4' or 'COM6'.

Double click on counter_FPGA_GUI or run "python counter_FPGA_GUI.py" in the Anaconda Command window
  Use the drop-down menu at the top to select the COM port you're using and hit Init Device.
  If you change the integration time, hit Set Gate Time.  (This can be done on the fly.)
  It's just a GUI display - no data will be recorded.

Double click on timestamp_FPGA or run "python timestamp_FPGA.py" in the Anaconda Command window
  Use the drop-down menu at the top to select the COM port you're using and hit Init Device.
    In the Command window you should see a text message indicating the selected port and integration time.

If you click Start you'll see an evolving graph tracking the number of counts on each detector.
  The Gate Time (in ms) specifies the time over which the counts are integrated for display.
    So, setting it to 1000 shows the number of counts per second.
  The Coincidence Window (in ns) specifies the time interval over which two detections are displayed as coincident.
  The GUI won't show channels 3 or 4, but they will be recorded.
  If the light is too bright, the detector will saturate and show no counts!
  It will also show the number of pair-wise coincidences, based on the specified Coincidence Window.
  There is also a running tally output to the Command window.
  If you click on Record? it will output the raw timestamp data to a text file called Timeevents.txt
    Each row is a five-bit binary number, a space, and a larger decimal number.
    The binary number shows which detector(s) clicked, and the decimal number shows the time.
    The right-most bit is channel 1.  The next the left is channel 2, etc.
    The left-most bit is flag.  (0 = okay, 1 = invalid)
    The decimal number is a running time counter, a 27-bit integer with units of ns (nanoseconds).
    The counter "rolls over" after going past 999,999,999.
    The data file is written when you hit Stop.  (It will write over whatever was there before.)
  The timing device can handle up to about 2 million events per second before saturating.
    
  